let's have guys I'm so excited to tell
you that this blog is going to be from
Singapore because we are Chinese
ok I'm gonna finish my meal and I head
to the gate and I'm gonna show you loads
and was a Singapore very soon
Marina Bay Sands came to the famous
market
in the world
if you like Asian food this is a must
try Moscow Moscow
chicken I've ever ever
Singapore to British Miami because for
me it looks like Miami because the
weather is amazing and then you have all
the tall buildings like in Miami city
center and everybody speaks British
English so if you guys learning English
one tool in the British version
Singapore is the place for it and
there's those an incredible nationality
mix because we're looking around here
and I see Asian people I see British
people I see Europeans Americans Indians
everyone and you cannot really tell
which country you're in this is so
exciting so cosmopolitan look at those
guys they're all white ball
Financial District
everybody
their work today
you know boots very European or very
American
whatever you like good luck we don't
have this in the States
most famous hotel
hm night is 405 so actually looked it up
because we wanted to stay there because
I wanted to try that infinity pool but
then kind of you know pain 400 bucks
just to try out the pool and it was all
worked here for a date but still Alfa
jealous is also in the city center and
it costs 98 bucks
excluding tax yeah maybe someday
guys are now in England WA Singapore
this is the school where you can learn
English Chinese and 13 other languages
but if you're speaking English or if you
want to speak English
I think Singapore is an amazing place to
come because you have the school in the
center of the city we have native
speakers some native speakers from
Australia England USA they teach English
and if you learn in Chinese you can have
Chinese people and in Singapore you can
practice both of these languages when
you're outside because people here three
different languages and you can practice
them all and I'm gonna show you around
the school and I hope you're gonna like
it there are many many students from
different parts of the world you can get
accomodation with real hosts and they're
gonna talk to you their native language
whether it's Chinese or English so you
can practice all the time that will give
you food and you will be in the center
of amazing Singapore and you will have
shops around in school and you will have
a lot of practice and studying so alien
was Singapore let's go for it students
for cows I would ask like a general
question why would people come to your
school and why Singapore because there
are so many destinations to learn
English why would you say Singapore is
the best place to do it
most students tell me it's because
Singapore's a clean city we have nice
environment is safe people are
comfortable and people around you speak
English Chinese which is a very easy way
to communicate to buy anything to go
shopping or even to see the sights so we
have universal students here which is
very popular especially with all our
students so that's in also loves classes
of course we have native speakers the
teachers are from the native countries
so it's always interesting for them to
come visit and at the same time to make
my English
what would you recommend would be the
mini Weberian to come we do a minimum of
one week four weeks
it's not magic if it's just one week
this is the school building look at that
look how hiders
Joe Singaporean style this is the
entrance if you just walk outside the
school you're gonna see this building
which is in every single tour guide of
Singapore pretty much looks like like
San Francisco and if you just go
straight you're gonna be on the main
shopping street called Orchard Avenue
Road or stroke there's an eco-friendly
museum there which is in the shape of
Lourdes and when the water from the rain
comes down the building actually uses it
for its own knees so they should filter
it and use it and here's the lv g 1 lv
hammock 58,000 super quality ok guys
thank you so much for watching this
video up to the end please subscribe to
my channel to travel the world with me
to explore in new places and to learn
new things
bye bye